there's been great fun working with the
Royal Doulton team again to create a
stunning new and exciting versatile
range tableware this time it's inspired
by the modern and eating dining style of
my latest restaurant here the most
amazing very kitchen like any home
restaurant kitchen serves from breakfast
through to lunch to dinner seven days a
week so it was very important that the
new range was versatile and enough to be
used across the whole day picking up on
the bread Street kitchens ever-changing
menu the range has been designed
especially to put across and multiple of
dishes within the range
we've got great cook and serve items
which are designed perfectly for
individual courses but equally good for
sharing I cover my favorite pieces of
individual castles with a side handle
for carrying to the table great
delicious meatballs Brae shank of spring
lamb or even steam check the mussels
with white wine and SAP on now let me
tell you this great serving dish is
perfect for serving roasted vegetables
or even a castle our spring beans or
salt and pepper squid I honestly love
this new collection bar all day long as
it reflects the restaurant staff of
recipe kitchen but it's so easy to use
and any home but what's great too it
looks amazing I honestly hope you enjoy
it as much as I thank you
Royal Doulton worked very closely with
Gordon and his team to draw inspiration
from the contemporary dining herb
grocery kitchen as with any project we
start with looking good materials and we
did this by investigating what they use
within breasts through kitchen this was
a combination of cast iron
they matte and shiny ceramics the stain
steel the ward and slate
we've put these together and combined it
back into the concept one of the iconic
pieces within the range is the wooden
server which has been designed with a
ceramic plate now this makes it ideal
for serving food directly onto it or
with the cooking survived
what this range offers you is a
combination of pieces that are perfect
for that everyday functionality but also
for when you want to entertain so you
can dress this up you can dress it down
it's fired versatile essential easy
share eat enjoy done done